Heartbeat timeout docs (#46257)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/core-concepts/tasks.rst

.. _concepts:zombies:

> Task Heartbeat Timeout (Zombie Tasks)

Reviewer: Instead of having "(Zombie Tasks)" in the title, let's add a blurb about how these were historically referred to as zombies

Author: @RNHTTR would it be accurate to say that this is a historical term? I see that this term used in core config variables such as `scheduler_zombie_task_threshold` and `zombie_detection_interval`. It is also used in Airflow code in method names and variables such as `_find_zombies()` in scheduler_job_runner.py.

Reviewer: IMO we should change the code, too. Might be worth asking on the dev list.

But the docs are generally for users, not maintainers/developers, so I think it would be accurate assuming we've removed all user-facing references to "zombie".

Author: Done

----------------------

No system runs perfectly, and task instances are expected to die once in a while.

``TaskInstances`` may get stuck in a ``running`` state despite their associated jobs being inactive

> (for example, their local task job did not send a recent heartbeat as it got killed, or the machine died). Such tasks were formerly known as zombie tasks. Airflow will find these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(for example if the ``TaskInstance``'s worker ran out of memory). Such tasks were formerly known as zombie tasks. Airflow will find these
```

> (e.g. their local task job did not send a recent heartbeat as it got killed, or the machine died). Such tasks are also known as zombie tasks. Airflow will find these

Reviewer: I think we should say they were formerly known as zombie tasks instead of "also known as". Also, we should use "for example" instead of "e.g."

Author: I have made this change.

> periodically, clean them up, and either fail or retry the task depending on its settings. The heartbeat of a local task job can timeout for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
periodically, clean them up, and mark the ``TaskInstance`` as failed or retry it if it has available retries. The ``TaskInstance``'s heartbeat can timeout for
```

    sleep_dag()

> Run the above DAG and wait for a while. You should see the task experiencing a heartbeat timeout and then being killed by the scheduler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the above DAG and wait for a while. The ``TaskInstance`` will be marked failed after <scheduler_zombie_task_threshold> seconds.
```

This should link to this doc: https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#scheduler-zombie-task-threshold

Reviewer: Honestly, the name of this config should change too.

Author: I have changed config names.
